Added documentation for Attraqt Facets (#514)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/magento2/search-engine.mdx

When you get the ✔️ as a response from the script, you are ready to use Attraqt
with Front-Commerce.

### Facets

Due to facet IDs not being editable in Attraqt, facets created in your Attraqt

> console must be based on your Magento attributes exact names.

Reviewer: **question:** wouldn't it become a platform-agnostic feature?

**suggestion:** if it's the case I suggest to keep platform specific terms to a bare mimimum
```suggestion
console must be based on your eCommerce  platform attributes exact names.
```

Reviewer: Ok, not blocking … it can be merged!
